nrf_modem: doc: gnss_interface: Update conceptual documentation (#1080)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/gnss_interface.rst

                 NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DELETE_LAST_GOOD_FIX |
                 NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DELETE_GPS_TOW |
                 NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DELETE_GPS_WEEK |
                 NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DELETE_UTC_DATA |
                 NRF_MODEM_GNSS_DELETE_GPS_TOW_PRECISION;

   err = nrf_modem_gnss_nv_data_delete(delete_mask);

.. note::

>    TCXO offset is a characteristic of each device that changes slowly over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   TCXO offset is a characteristic of each device and it changes slowly over time.
```
Without this change, the sentence would suggest that each device changes slowly over time.

Author: How about:
```suggestion
   TCXO offset is a slowly changing characteristic of each device.
```

.. note::

>    TCXO offset data is not obtained from satellites or A-GNSS assistance.

Reviewer 2: Technically the current sentence is not correct since the TCXO offset is estimated from the fix, that is, from the satellites. Proposal to replace line 93-95.
```suggestion
   TCXO offset is a characteristic of each device that changes slowly over time. Therefore, it remains usable for extended time periods and should typically not be deleted when simulating a cold start.
```

Author: Updated as discussed.

When a bit is set, using the corresponding QZSS satellite is enabled.
Bits 10...15 are reserved and their value is ignored.

> The default PRN mask follows anticipated development of the QZSS contellation and may differ between MFW versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default PRN mask follows the anticipated development of the QZSS constellation and may differ between modem firmware versions.
```

> By default, all QZSS PRNs (193...202) are enabled.

Reviewer 2: PRNs 198 and 202 currently have no planned use and are there disabled by default in MFW2.0.0

Author: Updated as discussed.

Changing the dynamics mode
**************************

Dynamics mode describes the dynamics model for the receiver.

> General purpose mode works reasonably well for a wide range of applications, but using a dynamics mode tuned for a specific use case improves the positioning performance.

Author: "dynamic mode" has a different meaning than "dynamics mode": https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/dynamics

Your suggestion sounds good to me.

> :ref:`nrf_modem_gnss_dynamics_mode` lists the maximum receiver speed used for predicting satellite visibilities and Doppler frequencies in that mode, and for limiting receiver movement between fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`nrf_modem_gnss_dynamics_mode` lists the maximum receiver speed used for predicting satellite visibility and Doppler frequencies in that mode, and for limiting receiver movement between fixes.
```
